[Music]
nine things that can help you lose
weight while sleeping we can all agree
that exercising regularly is the best
way to lose weight and stay healthy but
do most of us exercise daily nope
does everyone sleep every day though yes
thankfully there are a few ways you can
lose weight even while you're off in
dreamland so let's get right into it but
before we do that don't forget to
subscribe to our channel and turn on
notifications so that you won't miss any
of our new videos
[Music]
number nine drink a protein shake before
heading to bed a 2014 study has proven
that drinking protein before bed helps
increase the number of calories the body
burns while resting impressive right
but that's not all protein also aids in
muscle repair in the more muscle mass
you have the more calories you burn when
you're sleeping so have a shake with
about 30 grams of protein before heading
to bed that'll be enough for you to lose
weight all while catching some Z's
[Music]
number eight have small dinners whether
you're on a diet or not eating smaller
portions is always a great idea it
simply allows you to eat exactly the
amount of food you need as opposed to
leaving the table feeling like you're
about to explode having a smaller sized
supper will only do your body good you
see during deep sleep our brain puts out
a growth hormone
if you eat late at night that growth
hormone stores the feet in your system
as fat instead of fuel and there you go
a few more inches around the waist that
you never asked for so cut down the size
of your evening dinners
those extra pounds will disappear number
seven avoid alcohol alcohol is great for
parties and special occasions
but not for day-to-day life especially
before bedtime an article published in
the journal critical reviews in clinical
laboratory sciences states that
consuming alcohol close to bedtime will
make your body metabolize the alcohol
during your sleep this process will keep
you from achieving a state of REM sleep
which is when your body burns the most
calories at night a glass of wine with
dinner is okay but don't consume any
alcohol within three hours before
bedtime that way you'll get some good
quality and calorie burning Sleep Number
six set yourself a consistent bedtime
it's no secret that getting the right
amount of sleep is paramount to our
health but busy schedules late night
movies and all our high-tech gadgets and
gizmos stand in the way of getting sound
sleep we understand that it's time to go
to bed yet we convince ourselves that
just one more episode or YouTube video
won't do us any harm then it turns into
an endless marathon and next thing you
know you're going to bed at 3 a.m. true
story right if you really want to lose
weight you've got to kick this bad habit
setting a consistent bedtime and getting
the right amount of sleep which is about
seven to eight hours helps the body burn
more fat an American Journal of Clinical
Nutrition study found that well-rested
people burn 20% more calories after
eating than those who don't get enough
sleep so change your sleeping schedule
and you'll see your figure changing as
well
[Music]
number five avoid exercising before
bedtime of course exercise is great for
your body and health so if you work out
regularly
keep it up just be sure to do it at the
right time of day and that's definitely
not before bedtime exercise gets the
heart pumping and wakes the body up
making it difficult to achieve a good
night's rest if you workout before you
go to sleep instead do your exercises in
the morning since again physical
training wakes the body up plus it'll
help you kick start your day and keep
you energized throughout it if for some
reason you can't exercise in the morning
at least do it no less than four hours
before bed number four turn off all
bedroom electronics let's do a survey
give this video a like if you sleep with
your phone nearby and check it before
you go to bed and first thing in the
morning it's okay we call do it but
unfortunately this is one of those
habits that we've got to kick to the
curb no matter how impossible it might
seem a Harvard University study found
that the short wave blue light emitted
by tablets and smartphones prohibits the
body's production of the sleep aiding
hormone melatonin as for weight loss
well another study connected by
singapore-based researchers found that
long hours of watching TV causes the
body to produce higher levels of
triglycerides which are associated with
diabetes and lower levels of adiponectin
adiponectin in its turn is the protein
that regulates glucose levels and fatty
acid breakdown in the body so basically
your devices are keeping you from
sleeping and your body from burning fat
turn them off at bedtime and get some
shut-eye
[Music]
number three turn down the thermostat
sleeping in cooler temperatures enhances
the body's storage of brown adipose
tissue which helps burn fat in the belly
like keeping us warm a study published
in the medical journal Diabetes showed
that people who slept in rooms with a
temperature of around 66 degrees burn
seventy-five more calories than those
who slept in warmer rooms just give it a
try
the results won't disappoint you number
two sleep in complete darkness
[Music]
another little change that'll help you
lose weight is to turn off all the
lights when you go to bed sleeping in
complete darkness assist your body in
producing melatonin you know the sleep
hormone we mentioned earlier and
according to a study published in the
Journal of paia research this hormone
doesn't just induce good sleep it also
eats in the production of brown adipose
tissue remember that one - the one that
keeps us warm and burns belly fat if
you're afraid of the dark no judgement
here then try to leave a light on in the
hallway or a nearby room just be sure to
leave your bedroom dorm barely cracked
so that not much of that light gets in
that'll do the trick
- number one sleep naked
[Music]
though it might sound super weird and
awkward sleeping naked has tons of
health benefits not only does it allow
you more freedom of movement while
you're sleeping the same can't be said
about restrictive pajamas it also helps
you improve your physique besides
without clothes your body stays cool
which as we mentioned before also helps
you burn more calories while resting and
that's how you become slimmer and
healthier do you have any advice of your
own on how to lose weight pretty much
effortlessly tell us in the comments
below don't forget to share this video
with your friends and click subscribe to
stay with us on the bright side of life
[Music]